In this module we had a detailed look at how we can use different data sources in Power BI
and if you have a look at the get data field here, you of course see there are way more and I can only encourage
you to play around with this.
A lot of them or probably all of them are very easy to use since the wizard or this
navigator you get here is really confortable to use for most of them.
A lot of them also can be imported in different ways, for example text and web. If your web resource gives
you back a csv file or JSON,
well that will be handled by an appropriate import step here or import loader.
And again just play around with these and use the one which suits your data,
there are a lot of pre-configured options,
so definitely there should be something which helps you.